README.md, before:

# MOSIP Configuration

## Configuration properties

MOSIP uses Spring Cloud Config Server to read the properties files. So, to use the properties files in this repo, please update the IP addresses, keys and passwords and then point to this repo in spring cloud config in kernel module.

## Config server 

Local Config Server Installation Guide

### Overview
MOSIP uses Config Server to read the properties files. 

### Download 

1. Download Config server jar [config-server](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/io.mosip.kernel/kernel-config-server)

2. Clone the Mosip config repo for required released version [mosip-config](https://github.com/mosip/mosip-config)

### Run 

To run config server jar set the following attribute 

```
-Dspring.cloud.config.server.native.search-locations = point to mosip-config repo location
```

### Run Config Server Jar

```
java -jar -Dspring.profiles.active=native  -Dspring.cloud.config.server.native.search-locations=file:C:\mosipcode\mosip-config\sandbox -Dspring.cloud.config.server.accept-empty=true  -Dspring.cloud.config.server.git.force-pull=false -Dspring.cloud.config.server.git.cloneOnStart=false -Dspring.cloud.config.server.git.refreshRate=0 kernel-config-server-<latest_version>.jar
```

Commit message:

[MOSIP-44066] Update the README.md file. (#9912)
Signed-off-by: Ashok Kumar Sharma <ashok@mosip.io>

README.md, after:

# MOSIP Configuration

## Overview

The **mosip-config** repository is the central configuration repository for the MOSIP platform.
It contains the configuration files required for various MOSIP modules.

This repository works in conjunction with the **Spring Cloud Config Server**, enabling MOSIP services to fetch their configuration dynamically at runtime without requiring application rebuilds.

For setup and startup instructions for config server, refer to the  [MOSIP Config Server Setup Guide](https://docs.mosip.io/1.2.0/modules/registration-processor/registration-processor-developers-guide#environment-setup).

## Contribution & Community

• To learn how you can contribute code to this application, [click here](https://docs.mosip.io/1.2.0/community/code-contributions).

• If you have questions or encounter issues, visit the [MOSIP Community](https://community.mosip.io/) for support.

• For any GitHub issues: [Report here](https://github.com/mosip/mosip-config/issues)

## License

This project is licensed under the [Mozilla Public License 2.0](LICENSE).
